Ignore rules when validating stories (#7143)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/command-line-interface.mdx

## rasa data validate

You can check your domain, NLU data, or story data for mistakes and inconsistencies. 
To validate your data, run this command:

```bash
rasa data validate
```

> By default, the validator searches for errors in the data, e.g. two intents that have some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The validator searches for errors in the data, e.g. two intents that have some
```
I'd remove the "by default" since we're not bringing up the fail on warnings flag til way later

identical training examples.

> Furthermore, the validator checks if you have any stories where different assistant actions follow from the same 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The validator also checks if you have any stories where different assistant actions follow from the same 
```

dialogue history. Conflicts between stories will prevent a model from learning the correct
pattern for a dialogue. 

If you pass a `max_history` value to one or more policies in your `config.yml` file, provide the 
smallest of those values in the validator command using the `--max-history <max_history>` flag. 

> You can also validate only the story structure by running this command:

Reviewer 2: @JEM-Mosig thanks, this is very important! As you can see, I didn't understand the details of how this validator works when I was adapting the docs for it...

Author: No worries :)

```bash
rasa data validate stories
```

> Note: The `rasa data validate` and `rasa data validate stories` commands do **not** test if your [rules](./rules.mdx) 

Reviewer 2: @JEM-Mosig could we also comfort the reader by telling them that rule-story consistency is being checked in the Core?

> are consistent with your stories. 

Reviewer: For this and the other, instead of starting a paragraph with "Note:", use the note feature

Author: I copied this from the same mdx file further down. Will change that in the other instance, too.

> To interrupt validation even for minor issues once they are identified, use the `--fail-on-warnings` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interrupt validation even for minor issues such as unused intents or responses, use the `--fail-on-warnings` flag.
```
